[Music]
One, two,
three.
[Music]
[Laughter]
[__] That's right. Today, we're going
to see if anybody in my Twitch chat can
count to 10. And I know I did this a few
years ago, but that was a very different
setup. All of Twitch chat was
collectively counting to 10. So, I had
to make the rules fairly easy cuz there
were so many people. Like, they could
repeat previous numbers and there was no
time limit. This time though, [__] gets
real. This is counting for the big boys
because I'm selecting nine random
members of Twitch chat and we'll see if
they can count to 10 in just one minute.
This time there's no duplicates. A
single person can't count multiple times
in a row. And if anybody gets anything
wrong, I take them all out back and I
gently ban them with a gun. And then we
bring in an entirely new team of
chatters. And they told me not to even
bother trying this. They said it was
impossible. But today we're going to
find out. Are there nine people anywhere
in my community who can count?
Ik. You must collectively play the best
goddamn counting of your life. 1 minute
to count to 10. A single person can't
count twice in a row. We have 6 seconds
each. We should go in order from left to
right and top to bottom. I'm giving you
a few seconds now to try to come up with
a strategy. Let's see if team number two
can do this. Can we start with zero? Uh,
it won't do anything. Actually, I don't
know if zero will kill you. The code is
going to look for numbers. So, yeah,
this team has come up with a potential
strategy. It's been long enough. Good
luck. Starting at left to right, top to
bottom. One, go.
That's the thing. You have to get one
every 6 seconds. You're taking too long.
What if seven to hunt isn't here? He's
seven. You guys have to You have to pick
another stretch. Okay. Douglas hater
jumps out of order, but that means
somebody else has to. We're already at
20 seconds, you guys. You have to
hurry. They're waiting. They're
scared. 30 seconds. You just need to
rapid fire,
[Music]
dude. Are you being careful? Are you not
Is it not
working? They don't know the number.
Somebody has to be able to say two. All
of you have said something. You should
be able to talk.
Two.
And after 1 minute, we've successfully
counted to two. My team is still the
record holder. Our winning teams so far
counted to three. Next group.
While I'm making you VIP, you have that
amount of time to pick a strategy. Top
to bottom. I know math. Wow. Hello,
Jack. Left, top, across to bottom. Okay,
they have a strategy. I was picked. They
figured it out. This just might work. Is
everybody ready? Everybody's a VIP.
Three, two, one. I have seven.
Go.
One, two. Okay, they are going from top
left to the right. That means the tie.
You have to get three. Okay, they are
Oh, you got three twice. Stamped up to
head. Everybody's dead. Everybody's
dead. The record is still
three. What a nailbiter. How is this so
intense? Three is very
hard. You have as long as it takes me to
VIP you to figure out a strategy. Burr,
I have no idea how many Rs that is. I'm
not going to manually type that. How
many? I'm not You're not going to be
VIP. All right. I'm sorry. You made your
name way too hard. I'm so sorry. Type to
confirm here. One. Counting hasn't
started yet. I'll let you know when it
starts. Pamic. Z, are you here? It seems
like Z is AFK and Jon is AFK. Skip Yhan
and Z. Start from amazing. Left to
right. Okay, they're trying the left to
right strategy. But so far, chat has not
been fast enough. A minute means you
have to get a number every 6 seconds. We
got this. I got eight. Ready, set, lock
in. Go.
This first 6 seconds is is critically
important. You have to get the momentum
going. You're already 10 seconds in and
you're at zero.
One. Okay. South Park started. You
skipped Amazing Gamer. Who's next? Are
you going left or
down? You guys, you have 40 seconds.
[Music]
Left, right, top,
bottom. You're on like you read. The
record is still the first one. Three. We
did good. Did you do good? Seven. When I
thought of this idea, I was like, is
this a thing that takes us 5 minutes or
5 hours? This might be a 5h hour idea.
Ain't no way. I like to believe that a
team of random chatters could count to
10. I believe in you. Other people might
not, but I'm your biggest believer,
chat. Every night I go home and I call
my mom and I say, "You know what? I
think they can do it. I think they have
what it takes. I think they can count to
10." And she's like, "I don't know, son.
They're pretty dumb." And I say, "No,
they aren't, Mom. You always say this
about my friends. These ones are smart.
These are different." I'm on the edge of
my seat. What the hell comes after the
tree? I need to know. Still a mystery.
All we've done is eliminated five as an
option. All right, here's our new team.
Get your strategy together. Go, go, go,
go, go. You have a limited amount of
time here. I'm so scared. We can do
this. No way. I do 1, three, and six.
I'll start. Why is this delay so long? I
might be hella delayed. Long delay.
LMAO. Now, it's important to acknowledge
a big part of this challenge is the
Twitch delay. There is a delay from the
time that something happens on my stream
to when you actually see it on your
computer. And that delay can be anywhere
from 3 to like 30 seconds depending on
what device you're using or where you
are in the world and your internet
connection. Given that Twitch chat has
to get a new number in every 6 seconds
on average, this delay means they have
to kind of predict it and send their
message a few seconds before it looks
like they're actually supposed to send
it. It's a mind [__] cuz they're trying
to guess when their message will
actually hit the Doug
towers. In general, it's like 3 seconds
if you're on a computer, but if you're
on a phone, the phones can be like way
slower than that. So, you can even
discuss right now whether your delay is
super long. And then maybe you say,
"Hey, I'm going to drop the final number
right before the And you got to come up
with a strategy, right? You got to play
around the environment of Twitch. Don't
worry, I don't know any number but
three. Okay, got three locked down. You
guys can pick numbers in advance if you
want. You have to be ready. It's about
speed and confidence, man. Okay, I have
a 2.5 second delay. You can figure out
your delay right now. Do four. I'll do
two. I seven. Oh no, this ain't going to
work good at all. Lo, I am giving you an
extra couple seconds to figure out a
strat. 7second delay. It'll go with
five. chat say chocolate chip cookie
dibs on three otherwise I'm worthless.
Okay, T4 is cover three. Nerdle has got
the double chunk chocolate chip cookie
covered. You'll do seven. Chat, I
believe in you. Ready, set, I do six.
Three. Wait, wait, hold on. I'm going to
help you out. Who's one? Because I'll
count down and you need to be ready to
hit one right off the bat. Okay, McMack,
you got to have like your finger on the
trigger. Okay, be ready. I eight. Doug
is bald. Pig Newton's got eight. Okay.
You got to have your hand on the trigger
ready to fire. Everybody's got their
roll. Are we ready? MC back, I'm
counting you in. 10 9 8 7 6 1 5 4 3 2 1
You got to You got to say it
again. It's been 10
seconds. The code has to be on. What?
There we go. We're at one. Crank crater.
You guys need to start picking it up.
Pick it up. Two. Okay, we got
two. 25 seconds. Three. We're at three.
T4's done his job. Mario Cat, new record
here. New record achieve. We're at four.
Actually on pace kind of. You got to
speed up a bit. Who's five? Who's five?
Who's five? Keep it going. Five. New
record.
20 seconds. You have to go faster. Four
from six.
[Music]
Oh, four came out of nowhere, dude.
Nerdle, how much of a delay are you on?
No, I hate Nerdle now. I have done
nothing wrong. T4. Nerdles. Nobody can
say that T4, I am not responsible.
Didn't do his job. All right. When we
look back on the history books thousands
of years from now, when aliens are
looking at the ruins of our
civilization, they will look and say,
"T4 Maxi did not mess up. He said
three." All I've ever known is three.
Oopsie. Look, Nerdle, it could happen to
everybody, okay? Not everybody knows how
to count. Long delay. To be fair to
Nerdle, if Nerdle had a 30-second delay,
then he timed it perfectly. 30 seconds
late.
Uh, any final words? Smiley face. I just
want to give you guys this opportunity.
Thanks, Chad. I love the 30 seconds. I
beg, please have mercy, Almighty
Douglas. Sorry. You close that. Okay.
Anyways, uh, hey, welcome to our new
group. Current record is five. We have
counted to five. Echo 9. My delay is
wild. We got this though. What strat?
LTR TTB or a sign. Oh no. This is a 30
seconds delay. Oh god, no. [__] Four is
my baby. Seven. Left to right, top to
bottom. Cal, you start with one. Sounds
good. Hey Doug, what comes after five
again? I think it's four, but we have to
run more tests. Doug, the basement's top
mathematicians are working tirelessly to
figure out what comes after five. But
the problem has eluded us for decades.
It may be an unsolvable problem. I think
we can I think we can advance boldly
into the unknown. We will advance to
where no chat is gone. Here's a little
secret. I'll just give you guys a hint,
but I'm going to give you the hint and
then we're immediately starting so you
can't think about it too much. Maybe it
doesn't even help. I don't know. Here's
the hint. Who's on one? Me. Kyle, I'm
going to count down from 10 so you can
try to time one right when it starts.
Just a thought. No individual counter
can do two numbers in a row, but there's
nothing stopping you from alternating.
Kyle one right out the gate. Super fast.
Okay, we're ahead of schedule. We need
two now.
Two. Okay, looking good. Ahead of time
right
now. Remember, it's 6 seconds per. They
by 18 seconds. They need to hit three.
Who's on three?
Shi.
Oh, you got
You tried You tried to jump ahead, dude.
Pika, if you had been like 1 second
later, you would have doubled on three
and then four immediately. 10, guys.
Shh. My a US delay. Oh yeah, Australia
delay is going to make this hard. Sorry
team 7. We're so boned. We can do it. I
believe in you. Look me in the face
before you pull the trigger.
You delay not as bad. The LSS don't kill
MW.
[Laughter]
Okay, new contestants. Hello. Hello.
What? Rig, I have gained sensions. Okay,
everybody's a VIP. Any new strat? I'll
be five. I can do nine or eight. Wait,
no. Four. My delay is so bad. I said
rigged so long ago. I'm good. I met Doug
at open sauce. He does not have legs.
Yeah, but there's no photo evidence of
that. I've doctorred all the photos. Do
everybody have a plan? You guys have a
plan? Are you just Are you just sending
it to 8second delay? I guess. who has
two. We are cupped. Look, I trust you
guys and you never do anything badly.
However, here's an idea. What if instead
of waiting for the person before you,
you all just pick a time on the timer
that you're going to send your message?
Pause, champ. That way, you can
calculate it based on your specific
delay. I'll do eight. Yeah. That way,
you have a five second window to get
your time in. That's a bad idea. Why is
that not work? How's that a [__] idea?
That's a great idea. We're so cooked.
But the delay, that's what I mean. You
can calculate it. They know what their
individual delays are. So based on when
they see the timer, they have to
personalize it. It's a horrible idea.
It's too much math. We can barely count.
I mean, that's true. I can't do math.
You expect me to count and do math? The
first person will have a guaranteed
delay, but even then, I will count down
from 10 seconds so that they can time
it. If your delay is 6 seconds, you want
to send your message 6 seconds in
advance. This is not that hard. I swear
to God. I majored in it. I can't do
math, obviously. Yes, you can. I refuse
to believe the IT people in this
community can't take a number and
subtract another number. I believe in
you. Is everybody ready? Hey, chat. I
trust you. Very hard. I can only count
to three. I believe in you. Go.
One. Okay, we're ahead of schedule. We
need to get the next one by 12 seconds
to be ahead. Two. Okay, we're on pace.
We are on pace.
Love Venty, you need by 18 seconds to be
on pace. We're still on pace. Exactly.
Random YT.
Four. We're at four. Okay. I had a
schedule. We need five before 30
seconds. Who's on
five? Did nobody pick Oh no. Space man.
Five. Seven. No. Looking so good, dude.
Five.
Chester. Damn. We're on pace. Seven.
Shoot. I hate you. Spaceman. No. No.
Look. Spaceman is literally playing from
the International Space Station. The
delay is really bad. By Douglas Douglas
Fu Fu D. Fortunately, I have a gun
pointed directly at the International
Space Station. By Doug, I love you.
All right, who's ready for the next
round? Honestly, hey, last team. That
was good. I like to believe that space
was just getting the number in really
early cuz you have to be quick, right?
You have to be quick. Oh god, my delay
is terrible. If I throw because of my
internet, I'm so sorry.
Bald. I mean, look, the odds are stacked
against you, just to be clear. Okay, I
can take one. I think it's not that bad.
As a reminder, you can do multiple
numbers per person. Not in a row, but
you can do multiple numbers. Just
saying. Another strap. I'll take three
and four. That's not allowed, Rosie. Ah,
dicks. What comes after five? I will
bring honor to Nebraska for I am the
senator. I only know five. I will pick
six. Can we get Parkser to count for us?
Yeah, let's see if he's around. Parkser
is the best. Can I be nine? Look, being
nine is about confidence. You can't ask
for permission to be nine. You have to
turn to the rest of your teammates and
you say, "Hey, [__] Listen up. You
can be 9D." I'm nine. Okay, never mind.
Okay, he's had all the confidence. I'm
sorry, Nico. You got to pick another
one, dude. NVMD. [__] This game is
about confidence, man. I am four. You
stupid mortals. Was that aggressive
enough? That's pretty aggressive. Yeah.
So, Buddy is four, Rosie is six, villain
is five, who is 1, 2, 3, 7, and eight.
Again, I'm one. I'm seven. I will be
eight. OMG, I'm so nervous. Okay, wait.
It'll take them all three. Okay, Maisy's
got three. Is everybody have a number? I
think this is the first time that we
have a team where every single number is
accounted for. Now, let me play the most
dramatic music that I own. I am so
hyped. Bobs is one. Bobs, I'm going to
count down for like 15 seconds. So, you
have a long time to try to time it to
get one as quick as possible. Right. So,
it's just about timing how long you take
to respond to me, then you can
immediately do your thing. All right,
let's do it. Five. Good luck. If we win,
you're all appointed to my cabinet when
one too early. Go. Bobs, you got to
repeat, man. I'm sorry. I counted down
as Bobs, you got to
go. That's fine. You can still catch up.
[Music]
Chad.
Bubs. Bubs, are you here? Where am I? It
didn't I It hadn't started yet.
Bubs. Bubs. Did he leave? Did he close
the stream? Was he like, "All right, I
did my job. I'm out. There's no way.
There's a 30 second
delay." Bubs.
[Music]
He's celebrating. Yeah, he pressed enter
and like turned around. You can't
repeat. Oh, is it spam protection? Okay.
All right. All right. All right. I will
reset. I don't think it'll let you spam.
Oh, he's not VIP. Okay. Wait. Wait.
That's actually on me then. Okay. That
was actually rigged. You're still in
this. You got this. Do you get to the
district very often? Failboat. Thank you
so much, Failboat. Appreciate it. Wait,
Failboat, if you're still here, you want
to count next round? You want to get in
on this? Okay, Failboat, you get next
round. Oh, Parker's here next round,
too. Okay, we're bringing in Failboat
and Parkser for next round. Big guns.
But we're not if you guys beat it right
now. I have longer delay now. Just make
sure you've accounted for your delay and
you're approximately ready. Okay, but
who's won? Bubs is on one. I think this
team could do it. Here we go. Five. We
got this. Four. 3. Two. It's okay. I
knew I'm autistic from an early age.
Bubs, quick out the gate. We're at 6
seconds. We've already got one down. If
we get two before 12 seconds, we're
ahead. We're ahead of schedule. Three.
Three. Amazing on three. We're three
seconds ahead.
[Music]
Delay me. No, you can't
say you can't say that. What? That's a
number. 07. You're You're counting with
1 2 3.
Hold on. I'm going to give you guys one
more
try. I like this team call. We're going
one more time. I never I never explained
to you. Okay, now you're saying four. I
never explained to you that if you say
any number that counts. The code is just
looking for numbers. Hey Doug, if you
put a picture of Leon Kennedy sweaty on
the screen, I can win for us. What does
that I don't We ignore that.
All right. Hot. Okay, I'm locked in.
Everybody ready? Everybody ready? Oh my
goodness.
I choked. [__] Everybody ready? This is
for you, Leon Kennedy. Three. We got
this. Two,
one, one. Super fast out of the gate by
Bubs. God damn Bubs. Okay, we have like
a 6second buffer right now. Two. We're
at 8 seconds and we hit two. Who's got
three? Three. Maisy, quick out of the
gate. We're ahead of schedule again. Hi
there, buddy.
[Music]
Is Oh my god. This could be it. Who's on
five? You need five in the next 3
seconds and you're on pace. You're on
pace. You're ahead by 2 seconds. You're
ahead by 2 seconds. I repeat, you are
ahead by 2
seconds. 26. Fix. You're ahead by 2
seconds still. You've maintained pace.
Seven. You're ahead. You're ahead. You
need this one by what? 52. You're
ahead. Who's on nine? You have 10
seconds
left. Who's on nine?
Nine. Okay. 6 seconds. 4 3 2
10. 10. Leon. I can't believe Leon
[__] Kennedy, dude. God, that [__]
was epic. Let's [__] go. Damn. Damn,
Leon Kennedy. You weren't kidding,
Maisy. God, sick [__] I've ever seen. I
am sweating. The sickest [__] I've ever
seen. Vote me Nebraska Senator 2024. You
freaked me out with 10, man. I thought
10 was going to fail. That was smart
though, that multiple people all jumped
on 10 cuz it didn't matter if you
duplicate it, right? That was really,
really smart that multiple people are
just like, "Realize you can all throw
in." We definitely didn't get three
tries. Well, technically the first one
was a scam. And technically the second
one you failed, but it was kind of a
scam cuz I didn't tell you the rules.
Okay, I do want to see uh Parker, are
you still here? I want to see if Parker
and Failbo can do it. I GTG now. Can I
stay on GTS when I come back? No, I'm
going to I'm going to shoot all you
guys, but like in a celebratory way.
Like, you know, it's like Hey everybody,
congratulations. You did it. Here's your
celebratory trip down into the basement.
07. Hey, wait, wait, hold on. Sorry. I'm
not supposed to be picking new people. I
I accidentally killed all you guys. Hold
on. Sorry. I'm I'm killing you again.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. Okay, which uh
Hey, Parkser and Failboat. Who do you
want? Which pepper then? Do you want
anybody else on your team or you just
want you two? I'll go explorer. Okay, I
think Parkser and I can solo. Parkser,
which Pepper do you want? Is Parks are
here? Parks are left. Failboat, can you
do it yourself? I can solo. Look, I just
want you guys to know how [__] smart
Failboat is. Check this out. They said
he couldn't do it, but look at this
[__] Go
[Music]
[__] Okay, but we need Parkser. All
right, Parker. I'm just making you the
middle one. Hey, there you are. Okay.
Okay. Okay. Parker responds okay to
literally everything. By the way, let's
do this. Parker and uh Failboat, do you
guys want to design a strategy of any
kind? Okay. Okay. You can't. Do you want
to pick a strategy of any kind? There's
basically only one strategy here. Would
you like to talk about it or do you just
want to send it? I trust Parkser on 1 to
10. Okay, fine. I'll allow repeats in
this case. Twitch advanced stats says my
latency to broadcaster is 3.68 seconds.
Thank you, Parkser. Ready, set, go.
One.
Pause. Champ. Can they do it? Can they
do
it?
Cinema. Two. One of you guys needs to
just go. One of you guys just needs to
go. You don't have time. You only have
20 seconds. Four. Wait. No. Hold on.
They're cooking. Four. Five. Five.
6 6 7 8
9 10 I did it.
Okay, run it back. Okay. All right. Last
try. This is attempt. Attempt number
three. Do you guys want to discuss a
strategy at all or are you just sending
it again? Yes, you do. Okay. That wasn't
an answer. It wasn't a yes or no
question. That's fine. I thought we were
going to swap back and forth. No, but
Phil said you could just take it. Look,
you guys have a minute. Okay. Ready,
set, go.
Oh, it is losing. 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 9 10. I did it again. 11. It says
game over at the bottom. 12. No, that's
a bug. 13. 14 15. Your code isn't
working. 16. I have an idea. In the
code, I can set what the goal is.
Parkser, you can type really, really
fast, right? No, wait, hold on. If it's
just one person doing the count, how
high do you think you could get in 1
minute, Parker? Do you think you can get
100 in 1 minute? If Twitch chat doesn't
ignore my messages, then yes. Can we
race? We'll see who can do it faster.
First has to be Parker and then it'll be
you, Failboat. Okay. All right. I'm
going to count you down from 10, Parker.
And once the timer starts, you only have
60 seconds to get to 100. 3 2 1
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 13 14 15 17 18
He's doing it. 20 He's [__] doing it.
24 27 28 29 [__] 31 32 33
34 35 26 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 I've never
seen something so cinematic. 48 49 51 52
He's slightly behind pace. Slightly
behind pace. 59 Go Parker. 62 63 64 65
66 He only has You only have 15 more
seconds. You got to speed up. You got to
speed up.
7479. Please get 20 in the last 10
seconds.
846 5 4 90
23 95 95. Final number 95. Damn. Didn't
get all the way but got to 95. That's
pretty good. Failboat has to get 96 or
above. No, no, hold on. 10 second
countdown. 3 2 1 go.
1 2 3 4 5 16 9 11 12 13 14 15
16 cooking. Congratulations to the race.
36. He's cooking. He's cooking
something. Yeah. Even with being 71 72
74 congratulations 78 from failure well
done you win6 978
99 100
Well thank you Parks and Filbo for
counting good game I didn't start right
away for my run because I was 95% You
troll me and change the countdown and
then immediately disqualify me. No, I
wanted you to hit 100. Parker, when have
I ever trolled you and not supported you
ruthlessly as a friend? Last night. All
right, but what about before that? Is
there at least a
few days?
Hey, Doug. I just got over my deathly
fear of counting to 10. Anyways, what
are we up to today? Oh, don't worry.
We're moving on to something new.
Congratulations to Twitch chat for
learning to count real good. But
counting, let's be honest, is for
preschoolers. The real test is to see if
Twitch chat can learn to form coherent
thoughts like a kindergartener. So, what
we're going to do is see if nine
chatters can tell a story together once.
Either of you guys want to join the
story. Potato farm a
time. What's potato farm a time? Okay.
Well, I'm going to pick new random
people, but you get to join Failboat and
Parker. All right, new people. Here's
what you are going to be doing.
Specifically, we're going to write a new
ending to Game of Thrones, and then we
will consider it a victory once Twitch
chat collectively votes that the story
is better than the original ending of
Game of Thrones. I want to be hotter.
Hold on. Replying to emails. Okay, so
Parks is replying to emails. I didn't
watch Game of Thrones. Can someone give
me a TLDDW? Is it bad that I've never
seen Game of Thrones? [__] I haven't
seen Game of Thrones. Have any of you
seen Game of Thrones? There's no way
Parker has. How many of you have seen
Game of Thrones, guys? Z never seen Game
of Thrones. Please don't spoil me. I
have Jed the first book.
That's it. I've watched the first
season. You've watched a TV show. Wow.
My friend forced me to watch it with
her. You I saw the last episode at
least. You just watched the last
episode. Make it better. Anyways, okay.
I don't I have watched The Lord of the
Rings. Does that count? Okay. We have a
rich tapestry of inspiration to draw on.
Let me set the stage. I actually I can't
do that because I'll spoil it. It
involves characters including Jon Snow,
Daenerys Targaryen. There's the
Lannisters. I'm John Daenerys. There's
White Walkers. Spoilers. D. I'm telling
you about characters that are introduced
like at the beginning of the series.
There's all sorts of characters. Isn't
Jon Snow King on Gondor? Okay. Ready? We
begin the story right now. The end. No.
No. Okay, we're starting there. Once I'm
writing this down. Once. Once upon a
time. Daenerys. Okay, that is a
character dragon
woman was there was a very bald man
named then Jon Snow ate pizza flavored
pranks. I'm John. Hello John. And there
were lots of chimpanzees and there okay
you've introduced Jon and Daenerys. Is
anything going to happen? Doug, hurry
up.
Jon Snow declared once. Gregory
Fingleicker shows up and tickles arxer
upon Gregory. Did you hear about dragons
in Skyrim? Hey, this story is not very
good. Parker, do you have any
contributions? Parker, I already
contributed. The end. That didn't count.
Oh, the end. Parker, there were onions.
The end. Good job, chat. Let's see what
everybody thinks.
Gregory ending. Congratulations, chat.
We made a new Game of Thrones. I'll
submit this to Sundance and see what
they think. And after a long and
challenging day of learning how to count
and talk, I had one final challenge for
Twitch chat. Could they use this code to
sing? Specifically, the song My Heart
Will Go On by Selen Deion from Titanic.
So, what I did is I have every word of
the song split into individual files
with names like Heart 2 and Fear One.
And the chosen chatters have to type
those file names in the order of the
song lyrics for the song to sound
coherent. And I don't know if this will
sound coherent. If it does sound
coherent, that means I'll get DMCAD and
this video will be taken down. So, if
you're currently watching this on
YouTube, that means Selene Deion hasn't
taken me down yet cuz they didn't sing
good. Okay, guys. We need to go from
left to right, top to bottom. We get
this right. My heart will go on. I say
we go from bottom to right to left to
up. Failbo gets it. All right. It's
going to sound beautiful once the code's
active. Maybe. Can I be the sixth
Pepper? Failboat will move you up.
Introduction. The way it works. Intro
space one. That's first intro. The
second intro unfortunately third intro
then drum fill and then I can't spell
and then here there's nothing I fear.
Ready? Okay. I was like barely listening
to the instructions but [__] it we ball.
Ready, set. The idea is simple. Go. Drum
two. [__] it. We ball.
I forger. Intro three. No. Intro one
first. Intro one first. We got to go in
order. Drum fill. We need cuz then if
it's in order, we might get DMCA on
YouTube which would be funny. That's the
goal. Intro. Intro eight. I'm crying.
Intro one. We are starting the song.
You're in. Intro one. Okay. We did two.
We did two. Intro one. No. Intro. Intro
two. Intro one. That counts. Intro
three. We need intro three.
Intro three. Okay. And now drum fill.
Drum fill. And then your here. Drum
fill. Okay,
now let's see intro again. No, you'll go
back to go back. Oh,
okay. A lot of ears.
Nothing I fear. I fear I with two. I I
won. I
won. I I I will.
Okay. No. No. No. And And one and one. I
two and one I two go and one I two go
back in one
okay where are we? Did we get There's
Nothing I Fear. Did we get There's
Nothing I Fear. Okay, I we're we're
resetting after There's Nothing I Fear.
And I know that. And one I two and one.
I do know that. I need to see it. And
one I Okay, I know. And
one. Okay. I do know that. Know that. My
one on one. My one heart one will one.
Go one. On one. Go on one. On one. Go
on. On one. On one. On
one.
Okay. Okay. On. On one is on one is
really loud. No. Don't do the drum
build. Okay. Not at the intro. Okay.
This next part is really easy. Okay.
Parker, will you draw me like one of
your French?
No. Parker, I want you to kick us off in
this next part. All right. Hold on. Hold
on. Hold on. It's simple. Parker, kick
us off. Actually, Parker, you can do the
whole thing and everybody else. Let's
have Parker do all of them for this next
line and everybody else just listens.
Okay. Will stay forever this way. You
are safe in my two heart too. Go. Parks
are solo.
What?
Okay. Too fast.
Wait.
Okay. One. You are safe in my You are
are safe in my heart.
My my two heart two heart my two heart
two. My two heart two part two. Okay.
No, it's one word. My two heart two. My
two is one message. Heart two is one
message. And then it's two. Okay.
Everybody come in. And then we're at the
outro. Part three. No. No. Heart three.
Will two. Go to go to on twoart and
outro. No, no, no. On two. We did it.
No. On two and three. On three.
On three. Oh, that was actually correct.
Okay, now the outros.
Okay. The ands are very passionate and
the ons are very on two and on three are
both very long.
Okay. On three is the longest one.
Outro. No, no. The outro is cuz she goes
hold on. She goes
No. Mm. Hold on. M1 three.
Stop. M2. Mm.Mm3. M. Right. All right.
See. Mmmm3. That's correct. M1. No. No.
No. Mmmm1. Okay. Mmmm1. Wait. Wait.
Mmmm2. M2. Minemm1. Mm. Mm. Okay. No.
You didn't add a space. Okay. And now M3
and then M4. Mm4. And finally, finally,
finally, hold on. Mm5.
Mm 3. MM4. Mm 5. Mm 5.
Mm 3. Ladies and gentlemen, Mm 5. Outro.
That was some [__] cinema.
Kill.
Every turn.
Get us on America's Got Talent. Thanks
for watching everybody. Hopefully
Columbia Records let you make it this
far in the video. And if you take
anything away, I think it should be that
we're all better together. I'll let the
band play us out.
My heart will go. Oh [__] Is that an
iceberg?